c:\users\fitiri\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TimeSheet\TimeSheet\bin\TimeSheet.dll.config
c:\users\fitiri\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TimeSheet\TimeSheet\bin\TimeSheet.dll
c:\users\fitiri\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TimeSheet\TimeSheet\bin\TimeSheet.pdb
c:\users\fitiri\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TimeSheet\TimeSheet\bin\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\fitiri\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TimeSheet\TimeSheet\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\fitiri\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TimeSheet\TimeSheet\bin\Microsoft.Web.Mvc.FixedDisplayModes.dll
c:\users\fitiri\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TimeSheet\TimeSheet\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\fitiri\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TimeSheet\TimeSheet\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
c:\users\fitiri\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TimeSheet\TimeSheet\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\fitiri\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TimeSheet\TimeSheet\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
c:\users\fitiri\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TimeSheet\TimeSheet\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
c:\users\fitiri\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TimeSheet\TimeSheet\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\fitiri\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TimeSheet\TimeSheet\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\fitiri\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TimeSheet\TimeSheet\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\fitiri\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TimeSheet\TimeSheet\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\fitiri\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TimeSheet\TimeSheet\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\fitiri\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TimeSheet\TimeSheet\bin\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\fitiri\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TimeSheet\TimeSheet\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\fitiri\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TimeSheet\TimeSheet\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
c:\users\fitiri\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TimeSheet\TimeSheet\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\fitiri\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TimeSheet\TimeSheet\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
c:\users\fitiri\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TimeSheet\TimeSheet\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
c:\users\fitiri\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TimeSheet\TimeSheet\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\fitiri\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TimeSheet\TimeSheet\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\fitiri\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TimeSheet\TimeSheet\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\fitiri\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TimeSheet\TimeSheet\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\fitiri\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TimeSheet\TimeSheet\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\fitiri\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TimeSheet\TimeSheet\obj\Debug\TimeSheet.dll
c:\users\fitiri\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TimeSheet\TimeSheet\obj\Debug\TimeSheet.pdb
C:\Users\Fitiri\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\TimeSheet\TimeSheet\obj\Debug\TimeSheet.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
